How capabilities will play a role in my career trajectory and challenges. 

To help answer this question, I ranked each sub-dimension of the 4-CAPS+ framework according to their relevance to my ongoing leadership journey and personal context. https://github.com/Phippsy/mit-leadership/raw/master/projects/my_ongoing_approach.xlsx

I then visualised each sub-dimemsion (Figure 2), placing each sub-dimension in vertical order of ranking, and showing horizontally my perceived skill level in each sub-dimension.

Interpreting this chart, I can see that Sensemaking appears to be the most important capability, having 4 sub-dimensions ranked <= 8/15 in total. Visioning and relating appear to be of equal secondary importance, having 2 capabilities each with ranking <= 8/15. All sub-dimensions of inventing appear in the lower half of the ranked listing.

"Creating meaning from uncertainty" is an area where I am skilled and which has high relevance to my ongoing journey. This will be extremely valuable to my ongoing journey. I will plan regular, recurrent sensemaking and inquiring activities to make sure that I am frequently assessing our company's situation, the state of our execution and the mindset and situation of my team. Having undertaken these activities, I feel I will be best placed to create meaning which is relevant and effective, because I expect to have a useful grasp on our state, objectives, challenges and opportunities.

Supporting and coaching is also highly relevant and valuable to my ongoing journey. This will be a very helpful means for me to grow our team's capabilities and encourage others to contribute to the plan. However, I note that "Building a Shared Vision" is both highly relevant but not an area of personal strength. In order for my supporting and coaching to be most effective, it will be important for me to encourage others to share and own our vision, such that any supporting and coaching activities are appropriately oriented to a shared and clearly understood purpose.

My ability to remain open-minded will also be a valuable skill. Throughout this program, Dr. Ancona has highlighted the exponential pace of change in our world, and the resulting need to change our behaviours. I believe my open-mindedness makes me receptive to new information, new approaches and able to adjust my behaviour quickly.





3 skills to improve and how I'll improve.

Building a shared vision
Experimenting
Creating urgency for change

How else might my signature change in the next 5 years? 

- Look to step back by .. (+ by developing those 3 skills)





